Initial rework of images (#7495)
kyma-project/test-infra: images/README.md

# Prow runtime images

> This directory contains images that can be used as runtime images for all ProwJobs in Kyma's prow instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains images that can be used as runtime images for all ProwJobs in Kyma's Prow Instance.
```

> Please refer to the README.md files in the image subdirectories for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the README.md files in the image subdirectories for more information.
```

## Adding additional applications

> To add additional applications into the images, open a PR with changes. Keep in mind the following recommendations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add additional applications into the images, open a PR with changes. Follow these recommendations:
```

> * Always build from source to ensure compiler vulnerabilities do not affect resulting binary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Always build from a source to ensure compiler vulnerabilities do not affect the resulting binary
```

> * Link binary to specific version, so it's easier to update it when needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Link the binary to a specific version so that it's easier to update when necessary 
```

> * Build binaries in separate stage then copy resulting binary into final image to ensure images are small and contain the least number of layers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Build binaries in a separate stage, then copy the resulting binary into the final image to ensure images are small and contain the least number of layers
```
